Come join the company that is reinventing cloud security and empowering businesses to thrive in the cloud. As the fastest-growing startup ever, Wiz is on a mission to help organizations secure cloud environments that will accelerate their businesses. Trusted by security teams all over the world, we have a proven track record of success and a culture that values world-class talent.  

Our Wizards from over 13 countries work together to protect the infrastructure of our hundreds of customers, including over 45% of the Fortune 100, who trust us to scan and secure over 230 billion files daily. We’re the leading player in a massive and growing market, but it’s still early enough for you to make a significant impact. At Wiz, you’ll have the freedom to think creatively, dream big, and use your full range of skills to contribute to our record growth. Come join our team and help us create secure cloud environments that allow the best companies to move faster. 

SUMMARY

As a Principal Solutions Engineer you will work closely with Wiz’s CTO, Field CTO, Customer Success, Product Management, and R&D organizations to maintain alignment and ensure coordinated efforts across the sales process.

LOCATION

The ideal candidate will be located in the US in the West Region. 

WHAT YOU’LL DO

Provide technical and business-relevant feedback into Product Management based on field engagements to improve Wiz’s position and value messaging to prospects and clients.
Collaborate with Wiz sales teams on strategic opportunities in demonstrating the business and technical value of the Wiz platform.
Assist SEs and prospects during the POC process with advanced use cases, installation/deployment, and troubleshooting.
Lead regular thought leadership sessions with the field teams sharing insights and approaches derived through customer engagement to improve our effectiveness in messaging and delivering value to prospective clients and existing customers.
Assist in messaging and selling Wiz platform capabilities to prospects and customers.
WHAT YOU’LL BRING

Strong technical background with a solid understanding of core IT, InfoSec, Cloud, and DevOps concepts.
Proven skillset and experience with a career path focused on public cloud architecture (AWS, Azure, GCP).
SME level knowledge of Kubernetes and containers with the ability to architect and troubleshoot complex environments.
Ability to lead conversations focused at various audiences including technical, business, and executive level.
Be passionate in regard to continuous self-improvement and learning to maintain technical leadership.
Experience and ability to code and understand developer workflows. Git, CI/CD, helm, terraform etc
Benefits 

Wiz offers a competitive package of benefits and programs to support you and your family. Below provides a description of our current benefits for employees in the US. Specific benefits may vary by location. 

Health & Welfare Benefits 

Medical, dental and vision insurance 
Home Office Setup reimbursement 
Flexible Spending Accounts 
Monthly Connectivity reimbursement 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 
Financial Benefits 

Short- and Long-term Disability Insurance 
Life & Accident Insurance 
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan (with employer match) 
Time Off 

Flexible paid time off + 11 paid holidays 
Paid leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical and bereavement leave 
Compensation 

Starting compensation will be determined based on various factors, including but not limited to, the candidate's job-related experience, skills and geographic location. Your Talent Partner can share more about the specific salary range during the hiring process. 

This role is eligible to participate in Wiz’s equity plan and may also include incentive compensation. 

The annual base salary range for this full-time position is listed below. 

US Base Pay Range
$196,000—$217,000 USD
Wiz is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 

By submitting your application, you acknowledge that Wiz will process your personal data in accordance with Wiz's Privacy Policy.
